doc/user/emulation/versions.md, before:

# Model versions

Track changes in emulator model versions.

!!! Note
    These versions cover the [events defined](events.md) in the emulator models.
    They are **not related to the versions of the libraries**.

## Nanos6

- nanos6 1.1.0:
    - Deprecate running nested tasks (`6Tx`) without pausing the parent task
      first (`6Tp`). For compatibility, the old behavior is still supported.
- nanos6 1.0.0: Initial version

## Nodes

- nodes 1.0.0: Initial version

## Kernel

- kernel 1.0.0: Initial version

## MPI

- mpi 1.0.0: Initial version

## Ovni

- ovni 1.0.0: Initial version

## OpenMP

- openmp 1.1.0: Initial version

## TAMPI

- tampi 1.0.0: Initial version

## nOS-V

- nosv 2.2.0
    - Add support for progress events `VP{pra}`.
- nosv 2.1.0
    - Add support for `nosv_mutex_lock`, `nosv_mutex_trylock` and `nosv_mutex_unlock` events `VA{lLtTuU}`.
    - Add support for `nosv_barrier_wait` event `VA{bB}`.
- nosv 2.0.0
    - Add support for parallel tasks, adding a new `bodyid` argument in `VT*` events.
    - Remove support for old attach events `VH{aA}`.
- nosv 1.1.0
    - Ignore old attach events `VH{aA}`.
    - Add new API attach `VA{aA}` and detach `VA{eE}` events.
- nosv 1.0.0: Initial version.

## Xtasks

- xtasks 1.0.0: Initial version

Commit message:

Add nosv.can_breakdown attribute check
The nosv.can_breakdown attribute states if enough events for the
breakdown model of nOS-V are enabled at runtime. It is used to ensure
that breakdown traces have the progress events enabled along with others
required for proper visualization of traces.

The emulator will panic when the level is not enough, instead of relying
on users to always remember to enable the correct level.

doc/user/emulation/versions.md, after:

# Model versions

Track changes in emulator model versions.

!!! Note
    These versions cover the [events defined](events.md) in the emulator models.
    They are **not related to the versions of the libraries**.

## Nanos6

- nanos6 1.1.0:
    - Deprecate running nested tasks (`6Tx`) without pausing the parent task
      first (`6Tp`). For compatibility, the old behavior is still supported.
- nanos6 1.0.0: Initial version

## Nodes

- nodes 1.0.0: Initial version

## Kernel

- kernel 1.0.0: Initial version

## MPI

- mpi 1.0.0: Initial version

## Ovni

- ovni 1.0.0: Initial version

## OpenMP

- openmp 1.1.0: Initial version

## TAMPI

- tampi 1.0.0: Initial version

## nOS-V

- nosv 2.3.0
    - Add `nosv.can_breakdown` attribute to metadata for breakdown checks.
- nosv 2.2.0
    - Add support for progress events `VP{pra}`.
- nosv 2.1.0
    - Add support for `nosv_mutex_lock`, `nosv_mutex_trylock` and `nosv_mutex_unlock` events `VA{lLtTuU}`.
    - Add support for `nosv_barrier_wait` event `VA{bB}`.
- nosv 2.0.0
    - Add support for parallel tasks, adding a new `bodyid` argument in `VT*` events.
    - Remove support for old attach events `VH{aA}`.
- nosv 1.1.0
    - Ignore old attach events `VH{aA}`.
    - Add new API attach `VA{aA}` and detach `VA{eE}` events.
- nosv 1.0.0: Initial version.

## Xtasks

- xtasks 1.0.0: Initial version
